[16.0][ADD] stock_picking_batch_invoice_frequency (#1475)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_batch_invoice_frequency/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module extends the functionality of stock picking batch and to allow yo to invoicing sale orders with invoice frequency with check 'Automatic Invoicing Batch'

Reviewer: **issue(syntax):**

```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of stock picking batch and to allow invoicing sale orders with invoice frequency by checking 'Automatic Invoicing Batch'
```
